Christian, why did you marry me?
Actually, I've been in love with you for 10 years, ever since I first saw you.
Back then, the internal struggles in the Hawthorne family were severe, and my father was also.
Christian, I care about the rest of this.
You're all I've got now.
Anyway, I didn't dare to show you even a sliver of my feelings for you.
But the hatred between our parents made me hide my feelings for you.
Could you give me a chance?
Yes.
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you this another time.
Alisa always goes against me, making me embarrassed. She's the worst.
I have an idea that doesn't require us to get involved and can make Alisa leave Mr Hawthorne.
Oh.
What is it?